chore(curriculum): add css floats and positioning transcripts (#58983)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-understanding-how-to-work-with-floats-and-positioning-in-css/672c3aa9bc3a481425cb52b3.md

# --description--

Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

> What Is the `z-index` property, and how does it work to control the stacking of positioned elements?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the `z-index` property, and how does it work to control the stacking of positioned elements?
```

The `z-index` property in CSS is used to control the vertical stacking order of positioned elements that overlap on the page. When multiple elements are stacked on top of each other, the `z-index` value determines which element appears on top. The higher the `z-index` value, the closer the element is to the viewer, while lower values place the element farther back in the stack.

> However, the `z-index` only works on elements that are positioned, which means the element must have a position value other than `static`, such as `relative`, `absolute`, or `fixed`. The default `z-index` value is `auto`, which places the element in the default stacking order. Let’s take a look at an example with three boxes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the `z-index` only works on elements that are positioned, which means the element must have a position value other than `static`, such as `relative`, `absolute`, or `fixed`. The default `z-index` value is `auto`, which places the element in the default stacking order. Let's take a look at an example with three boxes:
```
